Enhance has_secure_password to also generate a password_salt method (#47490)
rails/rails: activemodel/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Generates a method attribute_salt that returns the salt used to hash the password
>     generated by `has_secure_password`, it can be used for tracking changes
>     and as the source for `generates_token_for`.

Reviewer: What do you think about rewording this a bit to clarify the purpose?

```suggestion
*   `has_secure_password` now generates an `#{attribute}_salt` method that 
    returns the salt used to compute the password digest.

    The salt will change whenever the password is changed, so it can be used to 
    create single-use password reset tokens with `generates_token_for`:
```

    ```ruby
    class User < ActiveRecord::Base
      has_secure_password

      generates_token_for :password_reset, expires_in: 15.minutes do

>         password_salt.last(10)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        password_salt&.last(10)
```

Author: In this case, the previous implementation would also fail, since password_digest is blank.

```ruby
  generates_token_for :password_reset, expires_in: 15.minutes do
    BCrypt::Password.new(password_digest).salt[-10..]
  end
  
  # -> invalid hash (BCrypt::Errors::InvalidHash)
```

Reviewer: I think failing is okay, but `password_salt.last(10)` would fail with a `NoMethodError`, which isn't very helpful.  Also, people reading this example code may not even realize that `password_salt` can return `nil`, so `&.` offers a hint.
